## Learn the Right Way
PHP is a interpreted language like JavaScript. Unlike JS, however, PHP runs on the server.

PHP is a server-side language. It is used to generate HTML, which is then sent to the client.

The client makes a request to the server, which then processes or interprets the PHP code and sends back the HTML.

PHP is a scripting language. It is used to write scripts that are executed on the server.

# Is PHP Dead
PHP powers 80% of the web. It is used by Facebook, Wikipedia, WordPress, and many other popular websites.

It has evolved a lot. It was mostly procedural, but has become more object-oriented.

# Course overview
1. Basic PHP - mostly procedural
    - PHP installation and setup
    - PHP syntax & operators
    - Variables, constants, data types
    - Control structures and functions
    - Type Casting & Error Handling
    - php.ini configuration/web server configuration
    - Working with arrays and dates
2. Intermediate - Object-oriented PHP
    - Classes & methods
    - Object Oriented PHP
    - Code Style & PSRs
    - Namespaces & Autoloading
    - Deppendency management
    - Super Globals ($_*)
    - Cookies & Sessions
    - Databases & SQL
3. Advanced - Advanced topics like security, performance, etc.
    - Testing, phpUnit, TDD, BDD
    - Intro to MVC & Routing
    - Dependency Injection Container
    - Security & Caching
    - Frameworks & PHP 8
    - Hosting & Deployment
    - PHP Best Practices

    # Objectives
    After building this course you should have enough knowledge to build a simple PHP application.